W-21743430-goddady-fa (#647)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/godaddy-set-up.adoc

> = Prepare your environment for agent verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Prepare Your Environment for Agent Verification
```

> Before verifying an agent using GoDaddy Agent Name Service (ANS), you must configure your environment to support domain-based identity validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before verifying an agent using GoDaddy Agent Name Service (ANS), configure your environment to support domain-based identity validation.
```

Verification requires a custom domain, a configured runtime environment, and secure communication settings.

> == Custom domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Custom Domain
```

Agent verification requires a custom domain (vanity domain) that you own and control.

* The domain associated with your agent must match the consumer endpoint used during registration.
* The domain is used to establish the agent’s identity.
* You must be able to create and manage DNS records for the domain.

> * MuleSoft-managed domains such as `cloudhub.io` are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MuleSoft-managed domains such as `cloudhub.io` aren't supported.
```

> * MuleSoft-managed domains such as `cloudhub.io` are not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The domain is used to establish the agent’s identity.
* You must be able to create and manage DNS records for the domain.
* MuleSoft-managed domains such as `cloudhub.io` are not supported.
```

> == Private space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Private Space
```

> Agents must be deployed in a private space that supports custom domains and TLS configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy agents in a private space that supports custom domains and TLS configuration.
```

Reviewer: This avoids passive voice

> If you do not already have a private space, create one in Runtime Manager before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have a private space, create one in Runtime Manager before proceeding.
```

For more information, see xref:cloudhub-2::ps-manage.adoc[Private Spaces].

> == TLS context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== TLS Context
```

> A TLS context must be configured in your private space for the domain used by the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure a TLS context in your private space for the domain used by the agent.
```

TLS configuration enables secure communication and is required to complete verification. A TLS context must be configured for the domain used by the agent.

API Manager requires a valid TLS context for the domain before verification can proceed.

To configure a TLS context:

. In Anypoint Platform, go to *Runtime Manager*.
. Select your private space.
. Open the *TLS* or *Domains and TLS* section.
. Create a new TLS context for your domain.
. Upload a valid certificate for the domain.

Make sure that:

* The TLS context is associated with your domain
* The certificate is valid and active
* The domain matches the consumer endpoint used by the agent

> If no TLS context is configured, verification cannot proceed and an error is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no TLS context is configured, verification can't proceed and an error is displayed.
```

For more information, see xref:cloudhub-2::ps-config-domains.adoc[Configure domains and TLS certificates]

> == Gateway configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Gateway Configuration
```

Agents must be exposed through a configured gateway to support domain-based verification.

When using Flex Gateway, you must configure an endpoint for each agent using your custom domain.

For setup instructions, see xref:gateway::flex-gateway-managed-set-up.adoc[Set up Flex Gateway in managed mode].

Make sure that:

* Each agent is mapped to a unique endpoint or path in the gateway configuration
* The endpoint uses the same domain as the agent’s consumer endpoint

[NOTE]
====
Each agent must be configured with a separate endpoint in the gateway.

If multiple agents are deployed on the same domain, each one requires its own explicit endpoint configuration.
====

> == Secret group access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Secret Group Access
```

Agent verification requires access to a secret group in Secrets Manager.

The secret group is used to store generated security artifacts during verification.

Make sure that:

* At least one secret group exists
* You have permission to write to the selected secret group

> If you do not have the required permissions, you cannot complete verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have the required permissions, you can't complete verification.
```

> IMPORTANT: If the domain, TLS context, and gateway configuration are not aligned, agent verification cannot be completed.

Reviewer: Should this be 

[IMPORTANT]
If the domain, TLS context, and gateway configuration aren't aligned, agent verification can't be completed.

> IMPORTANT: If the domain, TLS context, and gateway configuration are not aligned, agent verification cannot be completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If the domain, TLS context, and gateway configuration aren't aligned, agent verification can't be completed.
```

> == Next steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Next Steps
```
